Installed functionalities required:
1. Python

if Python not installed go to this link and download it-
https://www.python.org/downloads/

2. Media player such as VLC Media Player

if VLC Media player not installed go to this link and download-
https://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-windows.html

3. Modules required in Python-
  a. tkinter - to install tkinter from command prompt write: pip install tkinter
  b. os - to install os from command prompt write: pip install os
  c. PIL - to install PIL from command prompt write: pip install pillow
  d. fileinput - to install fileinput from command prompt write: pip install fileinput

HOW TO RUN THE PROJECT:

1.Go to command prompt directory where you have downloaded the project.
2.Write: python main.py

TOTAL (.py) FILES:
1. main.py - the very first page visible to the user which asks for username and password; gives option to sign up and create new id.
2. info.py - this page asks for all the user information such as Name, Age, etc.
3. userpass.py - this page asks the user to create username and password. Responds with username taken and passwords did not match.
4. home.py - this is the home page which shows the top picks and gives information about earned Coins.
5. discover.py - this page consists of all the available books to listen as audiobooks respecting your current Coin balance.
6. playlist.py - this page shows all the books you have listened to.
7. q2.py - this is a python file which takes request from home page or discover page and converts the chosen book's text content to audio and plays it via VLC media player.

TOTAL (.txt) FILES:
1. login_credentials.txt - keeps record and takes care of the usernames and passwords of all users along with their earned Coins.
2. READ_ME.txt - contains all information about the project.

TOTAL (.pdf) FILES:
1. Running_Project - Overview of how the entire project works with suitable input/outputs
TOTAL FOLDERS:
1. __pycache__
2. books - stores all .txt files of books
3. N_Pics - stores required pictures
4. pics - stores required pictures
5. userdocs - stores the .txt files of users containing information about their books listening history

FEATURES OF THE PROJECT:
1. Maintains a record of your books.
2. Allows users to access audiobooks which are much easier to understand.
3. Has a Coins system which encourages the user to listen to more books and unlock secret treasured books.
4. Has a playlist which keeps the record of all the read books from where a user can identify which books are pending to read.
5. Easy to access GUI and simple commands for beginner users who are new to such sites/interfaces.

INPUT/OUTPUT OF THE PROJECT:
All the details are present in Running_Project.pdf


