That's the thing about this city, there are millions of tourists coming to this city but they're never allowed to enter just one street. There are many houses and people in the street but when someone calls to them they seem as if they can't hear and they continue their work. As of this reason this street is named as 'The Busy Over Gate. ' This street is separated from the others with a tall gate. If you go and touch it at around 12:00 noon it'll burn your hands. The sides have a huge wall covered with ivory. Scientists and researchers come to explore but they never come back. However, there are some lucky guys who have a chance to come back with what they brought. There's no lock in the gate either. I love to explore but I wonder where I'll end up. Our house is next to this marvellous street and it's really quite frightful specially as my room is faced to that street!

One night I just woke up with a rustle and I ended up wondering what the heck was going on in the next street. This was the last week of school before the August vacation. I went to my friends and gave a small idea about '﻿The Busy Over Gate.'

To be honest, they took the word out of my mouth and that's 'Let's Go!'

Fanny, Janny, Manny and Danny all agreed and we fixed the date as Friday. Everybody agreed specially as it was the last day of school before the August vacation! It was the last day of school or else in other words, it was our adventure day! After school, my friends were quite busy, shopping for our adventure and that was tonight!!!

I, myself too was busy in my room packing water bottles and fruits. My family members went to Spain recently and they'll be coming back after a month so I was free to go on the adventure. Janny, Fanny, Danny and Manny too were allowed to go wherever they wanted to as they got good marks for the exam but no one knows about our brave adventure! My friends came up at around 7:00pm and we started to check our list.......

* Some water bottles

* 5 torches

* 5 packets of batteries

* A tent

* Bedsheets

* Fruits /Biscuits /vaccume packed foods

* A ladder

* A compass

Our things were ready so I locked the house, took the key and placed it under the pot as usual and we all went near The Busy Over Gate. Everything was quiet and calm....... The wind was so cold that we started to shiver but we had to continue. Our main aim is to be famous all around the world!

My friends and I took our precious digger and started digging. We felt as if sunrise is about to come...... It went on and on.... it didn't stop so we thought of climbing the wall but unfortunately Fanny tripped of the wall but fortunately she wasn't hurt. Now I feel that no one can do that. Manny gave a great idea saying,'let's follow the wall and find the end!' I still wonder how he got that fabulous idea. We walked for hours......

At last we ended up near 'Wild Rain Rainforest' but the wall went on! The security was asleep so we kept 5 dollars on the table for huminity and crept in. The rainforest was full of sounds we couldn't see the wall we were following either. However, Danny's compass helped us! We started walking to the West. We went on and on, deep and deep. Then we stopped under a huge tree to rest. However, we wanted to sleep so in the next second we were in the tent.

The sunrays fell on the tent and we were like covered with wolves because of the shadows of the trees. We woke up and had some biscuits. Then we packed our things and started the journey again! However, after some time a big Cumulonimbus covered the whole rainforest and the next thing, it started to rain. We didn't have an umbrella or a raincoat, we were caught in the rain. I think this is our morning wash! We stopped walking but started running. We drew small marks on stones so we could find the way back. At last the rain made us come near the end of the wall! Fanny, Manny, Danny and Janny were red with sunrays. It was so hot, we were thirsty there wasn't even a single drop of water in the bottles but we walked and to our surprise we heard the sound of water... We followed the sound but we didn't miss the wall and to our surprise this wall ended near a blue waterfall. We were so delighted this is a miracle! We had a great shower and rested for sometime. The wall ended up behind the waterfall but in the middle the water was black which meant that it's deep!

Janny told, 'This is the thing which vanishes the researchers and scientists!'

'Yes, of course! To be honest I thought that a beast eats them, just like in the Beast Quest!' Danny replied.

I too agree with Janny!

The next was to think of a way to get near the waterfall!

Manny gave a quite interesting idea!

'What if we take some work from our mini ladder?', told Manny.

'Are you crazy? The only thing we can do with the ladder is to get on to a tree if a wolf comes!', Fanny replied smartly.

'Ha... Ha... Ha. I wonder where you're brain is!', said Manny.

'My brain? It's in my head. Where's your one?' Fanny asked proudly.

'Do you want to know it?' asked Manny.

'Yes, of course!' replied Fanny.

'You got good marks for science, didn't you? You were the first in the grade so I hope you know where it is!' replied Manny.

They argue most of the time so we stopped them before they went far and asked what Manny's idea was.

'We could keep the front part of the ladder on land and the other on the rock and walk on it to the other end!', Manny gave his idea.

We agreed but it was really dangerous and scary.

We kept one end on the rock and the other on land and the first to walk was Manny! He is a brave boy so when we are famous he must be the leader. Manny went safely! Then it was Fanny who shouted out loud and jumped off the ladder to the rock. Then came Danny he too went bravely. Next was Janny who fell of the ladder into the water and struggled to hold the ladder!!! Finally, it was my turn. I was a bit afraid but my ambition is to be an astronaut and astronauts have many challenges so I faced this small challenge bravely!

We were so happy to come! Next we went into the waterfall which was pouring blue light ink to a big pot. We had to have a shower there as well because of the water splashing everywhere! We went in and the wall finished but and there was nothing than ivory. Ivory was grown beautifully! We were wondering. Then we took our precious ladder and Manny was about to keep the ladder on the ivory when suddenly he fell of with the ladder to the ivory and to the other side !!!

Manny was hurt dreadfully, but we made him our leader which made him very happy! We went to the other side! It was beautiful! It was very greeny!

It's a beautiful place! A river flowed carmly. The birds flew happily. Monkeys danced prettily. It was like a garden in fake stories, but it came true!

We went in, there were fleshy fruits hanging from the trees, and far away we saw brown mountains turned into white..., and to our surprise we saw a name board and this is what it said, 'Welcome to The Greeny City, whoever comes here, Please don't tell this to anyone as the world is polluted and no much oxygen and if someone tells this, this'll be such a world as well. No one can come here easily but if someone comes then you're so intelligent and brave. I made this city for the future as the world is dying and drying. I know just 5 acres of land can't change the whole world, but as great people remember to plant trees as much as you can when you go home, when you grow up remember to help this world come to a better place specially for animals. I've never ever seen any bad, selfish living beings as people! Love the environment. Love the animals. Respect your parents, animals, friends, relatives and even your enemies and even the people who don't respect you. You'll be recognised as a good person. Don't think of the wealth. Be honest. Be kind. Never misbehave. Never take the things that are not allowed for you and never take alcohol, wine, beer or cigarettes. If you remember them and do them properly remember, You're a Great person. The things that you saw when you were in the city aren't true I made it like so the people won't think of it much. Have a nice Day!!!'

What a world this is!

We went back home and never told a single thing to anyone. However, we lived as it said and we found the change. We were always happy! We went there whenever we felt to, but secretly.

Now we are so famous at school for our discipline. We always buy a plant with our pocket money and plant it in our garden.

I love this change, but I'm worried as the others aren't like us!!!